h1. CakePdf plugin

Plugin containing CakePdf lib which will use a pdf engine to convert html to pdf.

Current engines:
* DomPdf
* Mpdf
* Wkhtmltopdf (requires additional installation)

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5.2.8
* CakePHP 2.x
* wkhtmltopdf (optional) See: http://code.google.com/p/wkhtmltopdf/wiki/compilation

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/ceeram/CakePdf/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/Plugin
# Rename the folder you just copied to CakePdf

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git://github.com/ceeram/CakePdf.git Plugin/CakePdf
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/ceeram/CakePdf.git CakePdf</code></pre>

h2. Setup

In app/Config/bootstrap.php add:
<pre><code>CakePlugin::load('CakePdf', array('bootstrap' => true, 'routes' => true));
</code></pre>


h2. Configuration

Use <pre><code>Configure::write('Pdf', $config);</code></pre> or set Controller property `$pdfConfig` (only when used with PdfView)
You need to define at least $config['engine']. When using CakePdf directly you can also pass the config array to constructor.

h2 Usage

You can use CakePdf lib to create raw pdf data with a view template. The view file path would look like app/View/Pdf/example.ctp.
Layout file path would be like app/View/Layouts/pdf/default.ctp
Optionally you can also write the raw data to file, for instance to use as email attachment.

Also you can create pdf view and layout files for your controller actions and have them automatically.
Place the view templates in a `pdf` subdir, for instance app/View/Invoices/pdf/view.ctp
Layouts will be in same location as in above example.

Make sure your InvoiceController has RequestHandler Component in the $components array.
Browse to http://localhost/invoices/view/1.pdf

h2 Thanks

Many thanks to Kim Biesbjerg and Jelle Henkens for their contributions.
Want your name here as well? Create a pull request for improvements/other pdf engines.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012 Ceeram

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.